Set up Sphinx (#20)
OpenPodcastAPI/api-specs: docs/index.md

> # OpenPodcast API specification hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Open Podcast API specification hub
```

> This site contains the specifications and documentation for the OpenPodcast API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This site contains the specifications and documentation for the Open Podcast API.
```
